style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/cookbooks/weave_via_service_api.mdx

---
title: "Use the Weave Service API to trace"
description: "Learn how to use Weave tracing through the Service API with W&B Weave"
keywords: [Weave Service API, trace logging, RAG tracing, stream query, LLM observability]
---

<Note>
This is an interactive notebook. You can run it locally or use the following links:
- [Open in Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/wandb/docs/blob/main/weave/cookbooks/source/weave_via_service_api.ipynb)
- [View source on GitHub](https://github.com/wandb/docs/blob/main/weave/cookbooks/source/weave_via_service_api.ipynb)
</Note>

> In the following guide, you learn how to use the W&B Weave Service API to log traces. Specifically, you use the Service API to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following notebook, you learn how to use the W&B Weave Service API to log traces to:
```

Author: Applied verbatim in a79acba99.
